## assignmentctl build

Build an assignment from source

### Synopsis


The command builds a selected assignment, either from arguments,
or from the state of the local configuration file using latexmk
with the underlying LaTeX distro. After successful build, the
artifact files are copied to a common output directory, commonly
./dist/.

To build *all* assignments found in the working directory, add the
--all (or -a) flag.

After compilation, the command also cleans up any intermediate files
created by the LaTeX compiler. By default, the cleanup will be done
directly in the file system, by using Glob patterns for a large
set of intermediate TeX files. You can override this behaviour in 
two ways:

1) you can specify a different set of Glob patterns in the config at
.spec.build.cleanup.glob.patterns. If you'd like to run the cleanup
recursively, also set .spec.build.cleanup.glob.recursive to true.
Note that the Glob patterns are not merged with the default ones:
If you provide your own, these are the complete ones to cleanup

2) you can change the execution from using Globs to running commands,
e.g. latexmk -C: For this, set .spec.build.cleanup.command.recipe
accordingly

Note that .spec.build.cleanup.command and .spec.build.cleanup.glob
are mutually exclusive. Presence of both will cause the CLI to throw
an error.

If you use the build command in a setup different to one-off runs, 
for which you might want to keep the files for later runs again to save 
times, you can use --keep to preserve those intermediate files.

You can suppress the output of spawned shell commands by passing 
--quiet, or -q.

To adjust the build recipe for compilation, add a recipe to your
configuration file at .spec.build.recipe. Recipes are order-preservent
lists of commands with arguments in YAML format. A recipe consists
of Tools, which must at least contain a .command string, and may
include arbitrary .args as a YAML list.


```
assignmentctl build [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -a, --all           Build all assignments in assignment-*/
  -f, --file string   Specify a file to build, will override any derived behaviour from the repository's configmap
      --force         Override any existing assignments with the same name
  -h, --help          help for build
      --keep          Skip latexmk -C cleaning up all files in the source directory
      --quiet         Suppress output from subprocesses
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -v, --verbose   Sets logging verbosity level to high
```

### SEE ALSO

* [assignmentctl](assignmentctl.md)	 - assignments CLI for conveniently templating, building, and bundling course assignment

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 21-Sep-2022
