## assignmentctl generate

Generate new assignments from the template

### Synopsis

The command generates a new assignment, either given by number
as an argument to the command, or otherwise from the local
configuration file, which keeps track of the upstream assignment.

Generating (or templating) a new assignment requires a due date.
As this is usually given, you can either use the --due flag, or
wait for the CLI to prompt you. If however the due date is _not_
provided by the assignment, just pressing ENTER during the prompt
will leave it empty and thus not printed in the assignment's
header.

You can make the command skip incrementing the status counter in
the local configuration file by passing the --no-increment flag.

If there already exists an assignment in the target directory,
the command will exit with an error. If however you pass the
--force flag, any files in the target directory will be overriden.
Be careful!

The default template for new assignments looks like this:

```latex
\documentclass{csassignments}
{{- range $_, $input := .Includes -}}
\input{ {{- $input -}} }
{{ end }}
\course{ {{- .Course -}} }
\group{ {{- .Group | default "" -}} }
\sheet{ {{- .Sheet | default "" -}} }
\due{ {{- .Due | default "" -}} }
{{- range $_, $member := .Members }}
{{- $firstname := ($member.Name | splitList " " | initial | join " ") | default "" -}}
{{- $lastname := ($member.Name | splitList " " | last) | default "" -}}
\member{ {{- $firstname -}} }{ {{- $lastname -}} }{ {{- $member.ID -}} }
{{ end }}
\begin{document}
\maketitle
\gradingtable

% Start the assignment here

\end{document}
```

You can provide your own template from the configuration file, by
setting .spec.template to a Golang template. You can use any Sprig
template function in your custom template.

The command creates a new directory from the current assignment number,
as well as all directories defined in the .spec.generate.create list.

```text
assignmentctl generate [flags]
```

### Options

```text
      --due string     Due date of the assignment to generate. If not provided, you'll be prompted for a due date
  -f, --force          Overrides any existing assignment source files
  -h, --help           help for generate
      --no-increment   Skip incrementing assignment number in configuration
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```text
  -v, --verbose   Sets logging verbosity level to high
```

### SEE ALSO

- [assignmentctl](assignmentctl.md) - assignments CLI for conveniently templating, building, and bundling course assignment

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 21-Sep-2022
